Translation corrections (#420)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/ura_004.txt

			NULL, "\"All right!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s14/28/vt4bb_tomoe1306", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　…って、大丈夫かな？",
			NULL, " ...Wait, is this really okay?", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s14/28/vt4bb_tomoe1307", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　ここってそろそろ混む時間帯でしょう？",

> 			NULL, " This shop is about to enter its rush hour, right?", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Isn't this shop is about to enter its rush hour?", Line_WaitForInput);
```

//r巴自身が、殺されかけたこともある。しかし、それよりも捜査線上で常に感じられる不可解な『謎』の存在が、その疑念をさらに強めていた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "巴自身が、殺されかけたこともある。しかし、それよりも捜査線上で常に感じられる不可解な『謎』の存在が、その疑念をさらに強めていた。",
			NULL, "Tomoe herself was nearly killed there. But her suspicions were further heightened by the \"mysterious\" presence she constantly felt while on her investigation.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rそもそも、ただ誰かが殺された、異常行動を起こしたと片づけるには周辺の動きが不穏すぎる。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そもそも、ただ誰かが殺された、異常行動を起こしたと片づけるには周辺の動きが不穏すぎる。",

> 			NULL, "In the first place, the movements in the background were far too disturbing to write it off as a mere murder and abnormal behavior.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "In the first place, the movements in the background were far too disturbing to write off as a mere murder and abnormal behavior.", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//rそのためにも得られる情報は、すべて手に入れておきたいというのが偽らざる本音だった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そのためにも得られる情報は、すべて手に入れておきたいというのが偽らざる本音だった。",

> 			NULL, "It was also for that reason she truly wanted get all the information she could.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "And for that reason she truly wanted to get all the information she could.", Line_Normal);
```

//r少なくとも、彼女は巴のことを信頼している。…それは、決してうぬぼれの範囲ではないはずだ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "少なくとも、彼女は巴のことを信頼している。…それは、決してうぬぼれの範囲ではないはずだ。",

> 			NULL, "At the very least, the girl trusted Tomoe. ...And she was sure she wasn't being conceited about that notion.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "At the very least, the girl trusted Tomoe. ...And she was confident she wasn't being conceited about that notion.", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//rゆえにこの子に協力を求めれば、あるいは何かを聞き出すことも可能かもしれない…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "ゆえにこの子に協力を求めれば、あるいは何かを聞き出すことも可能かもしれない…。",

> 			NULL, "So it might be possible for Tomoe to ask for her assistance or get something out of her...", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "So it might be possible for Tomoe to ask for her assistance, or get something out of her...", Line_Normal);
```
